{1: 'In this image we can see a glass window. Through the glass window we can able to see mannequins, clothes, tables, chairs, wall and lights. Left side of the image there is a plant.', 2: 'In this image we can see a glass window. Through the glass window we can able to see mannequins with dresses. On the left side of the image there is a plant.', 
3: 'In this image I can see a woman is standing. I can also see she is wearing purple colour dress. In the background I can a mannequin, few clothes, few lights and few other stuffs.', 
4: 'In this image I can see a woman is standing. I can also see she is wearing purple colour dress. On the right side of the image I see a mannequin. In the background I see number of clothes, few lights, few tables, few more things and I see something is written over here.',
 5: 'In this image I can see a woman is standing. I can also see she is wearing purple colour dress. On the right side of the image I see a mannequin. In the background I see number of clothes, few lights, few tables and few more things over here.', 6: 'In this image I can see a woman is standing. I can also see she is wearing purple colour dress. On the right side of the image I see a mannequin. In the background I see few tables, few clothes, few lights and I see something is written over here.', 
 7: 'In this image we can see a mobile on the surface. We can also see some text on it.', 8: 'In this image we can see a mobile phone on the surface. On the right side of the image there is a hand of a person. In the top right corner there is text.', 9: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile.", 10: 'In this image we can see a woman holding an object. In the background it is blur. On the right side of the image there is some text.', 11: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone. In the background it is blur. On the right side of the image there is some text.', 12: 'In this image we can see a person standing and holding a bottle and a glass in his hands. We can also see a table with some objects on it, a sink with a tap, a refrigerator, a cupboard, a window, a plant and some ceiling lights.', 13: 'In this image we can see a man standing and holding a bottle in his hand. In front of him there is a table. On the table there are jars, bowls, vessels and some other objects. In the background of the image there are cupboards, refrigerator, door and wall. There is a plant in the pot. At the top of the picture there is text.', 14: 'In this image we can see a man standing and holding a mobile in his hand. In front of him there is a table. On the table there are glasses, jar, mixer grinder and some other objects. In the background of the image there are cupboards, refrigerator, wall, door and a plant. There is some text on the image.', 15: 'In this image we can see a man standing and holding a mobile in his hand. In front of him there is a table. On the table there are glasses, jar and some other objects. In the background there is wall, refrigerator, cupboards and a window. At the top of the image there is text.', 16: 'In this picture we can see a woman smiling and holding a mobile in her hand and in the background it is blurry.', 17: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone. On the right side of the image there is a cloth. In the background it is blur. At the top right corner there is text.', 18: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone. On the right side of the image there is a mannequin. In the background it is blur.', 19: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone. On the right side of the image there is a person. In the background it is blur.', 20: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile phone. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text.", 21: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile phone. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.", 22: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile phone. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text.", 23: 'In this image I can see a woman is standing and holding an object. I can also see she is wearing purple colour dress. In the background I can a table, few books, a frame and few other stuffs on it. On the right side of this image there is a rack in which few books are arranged. On both sides of this rack I can able to see the windows.', 24: 'In this image I can see a woman is standing and holding a mobile. I can also see she is wearing a purple colour dress. In the background I see a table on which there are few books and a frame over here. On the left side of this image there is a door and on the right side I see number of books in the rack.', 25: 'In this image we can see a person holding a mobile.', 26: 'In this image we can see a person holding a mobile.', 27: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile. In the background it is blur. Also something is written on the image.", 28: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile. In the background of the image there is a blur background. There is some text on the image.", 29: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile. In the background of the image there is a blur background. There is some text on the image.", 30: 'In this image I can see a woman is holding a cloth in her hand. I can also see something is written on the image.', 31: 'In this image we can see a woman. On the right side of the image there is a mannequin. There is some text on the image.', 32: 'In this image we can see a woman standing and holding an object. On the left side of the image there are some objects on the table. In the background there are clothes hanged to the hangers and there is a window.', 33: 'In this image we can see a woman standing and holding a dress. In the background there are clothes, table, sewing machine, lights and wall.', 34: 'In this image we can see a woman standing on the floor. We can also see a mannequin, a chair, a table with some objects on it, a machine, a lamp, a window and a wall.', 35: 'In this image we can see a woman standing on the floor. We can also see a mannequin, a chair, a table with some objects on it, a sewing machine, a lamp, a window and a wall.', 36: 'In this image we can see a woman standing. On the right side of the image there is a photo frame placed on the table. In the background there is wall, photo frame, light and clothes.', 37: 'In this image I can see two persons. In front the person is wearing purple color dress. In the background there is a white color wall. On the wall there are some papers attached to it. To the right side there are two lamps.', 38: 'In this image we can see a woman standing in front of a table. On the table there is a monitor. In the background there are photo frames on the wall and there are books in the racks.', 39: 'In this image I can see a woman wearing purple colored dress is standing and holding a laptop. In the background I can few books in the rack, the wall, the window and few trees.', 40: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile. In the background of the image there is a blur background. At the top right side top corner there is some text.", 41: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile. In the background it is blur. Also something is written on the image.", 42: 'In this image we can see a person standing on the floor. We can also see some objects placed on the ground, a photo frame on a table, a window and a wall.', 43: 'In this image we can see a person standing on the floor. We can also see some objects placed on the ground, a photo frame on a table, a door and a wall.', 44: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background there is a building. Also there are trees. And there is something written on the image.', 45: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background there is a building. Also there are trees. And there is something written on the image.', 46: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background there are buildings and trees.', 47: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background there are buildings and trees.', 48: 'In this image I can see the road. To the side of the road there are many trees and the buildings. I can also see the lights. In the top right-hand corner there is something written.', 49: 'In this image I can see the road. To the side of the road there are many trees and the buildings. I can also see the lights. In the top right-hand corner there is something written.', 50: 'In this image I can see the road. To the side of the road there are many trees and the buildings. I can also see the lights. In the top right-hand corner there is something written.', 51: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile.", 52: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile.", 53: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding a mobile.", 54: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and holding a mobile in her hand.', 55: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car.', 56: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and holding a mobile in her hand.', 57: 'In this image we can see a person holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are some objects in the shelf. There is some text on the image.', 58: 'In this image we can see a person holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are some objects in the shelf. There is some text on the image.', 59: 'In this image we can see a person holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are some objects in the shelf. There is some text on the image.', 60: 'In this image we can see a person holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are some objects in the shelf. There is some text on the image.', 61: 'In this image we can see a person holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are some objects in the shelf. There is some text on the image.', 62: 'In this image we can see a person holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are some objects in the shelf. There is some text on the image.', 63: 'In this image we can see a man holding a bowl and a spoon in his hands. In the background there are some objects placed in the racks and there is a wall.', 64: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and talking on the mobile phone.', 65: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and holding a mobile in her hand.', 66: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car.', 67: 'In this image we can see a person standing and holding an object. In the background there are jars, bottles and some other objects on the shelves and there is a wall. At the top there is text.', 68: 'In this image we can see a person standing and holding an object. In the background there are jars, bottles and some other objects on the shelves and there is a wall. At the top there is text.', 69: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone in her hand.', 70: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone in her hand.', 
 71: 'In this image we can see a woman holding a mobile phone in her hand.', 72: 'In this image we can see a person. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 73: 'In this image we can see a person. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 74: 'In this image I can see a woman is sitting inside the car. I can also see smile on her face. Here on the right side of the image there is something written.', 75: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and smiling. In the background there are lights. Also there is something written on the image.', 
 76: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and smiling. In the background there are lights. Also there is something written on the image.', 77: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background of the image there are lights. There is some text on the image.', 78: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. In the background of the image there is a wall. There are lights. There is some text on the image.', 79: 'In this image I can see the blurred picture. In the background there is a wall and I can also see something is written on the image.', 80: "In this image we can see a person's hand holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.",
  81: 'In this picture we can see a man wore gloves and standing and in front of the man there is an oven and in the background we can find few things.', 82: 'In this image we can see a person standing on the floor. In the background there is a wall and we can also see some objects placed on the table.', 83: 'In this image we can see a person standing and holding an object. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 84: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and talking on the mobile phone.', 
  85: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and talking on the mobile phone.', 86: 'In this image we can see a car on the road. We can also see some pillars, street poles, water, buildings and the sky which looks cloudy.', 87: 'In this image I can see few vehicles on the road. I can also see few light poles, buildings, water and the sky is in black color.', 88: 'In this image I can see the road, few vehicles on the road and few light poles. I can also see few buildings and the sky is in black color.', 
  89: 'In this image we can see a person standing and talking on the phone, there are some objects on the table, there is a refrigerator, a lamp and some other objects in the background.', 90: 'In this image we can see a person standing and holding an object in his hand. We can also see a table with some objects on it. On the right side of the image there is a window, a plant and some objects placed on the counter top. On top of the table there is some text.', 
  91: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and talking on the mobile phone.', 92: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and talking on the mobile phone.', 
  93: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and talking on the mobile phone.', 94: 'In this image we can see a few vehicles on the road, there is a bridge, there are some buildings, lights, poles and the background is dark.', 
  95: 'In this image we can see a few vehicles on the road, there is a bridge, there are some buildings, lights, poles, trees and the background is dark.', 
  96: 'In this image we can see a person holding a rope. In the background there is a blur background and there is some text on the image.', 
  97: 'In this image we can see a person. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 98: 'In this image we can see a person. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 99: 'In this image I can see a woman is sitting inside the car. I can also see smile on her face. Here on this image there is a watermark.', 
  100: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car and holding a mobile in her hand. In the background, we can also see some lights. On the right side of the image there is some text.', 101: 'In this image we can see a woman sitting in the car. In the background there are lights. Also there is something written on the image.', 102: 'In this image I can see a woman is sitting inside the car. I can also see smile on her face. In the background I can few lights and I can this image is little bit blurry from background.', 103: 'In this image we can see a person holding a mobile. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 
  104: 'In this image we can see a person holding a mobile. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 
  105: 'In this image we can see a person holding a mobile. In the background of the image there is a wall. There is some text on the image.', 106: 'In this image I can see the dark background and on the top right side of the image there is some text.', 
  107: 'In this image we can see a person. On the right side of the image there is some text.', 
  108: 'In this picture we can see a woman holding a mobile in her hand and smiling and in front of the woman there is a person and in the background of the image it is blurry and there is some text.', 109: 'In this picture we can see a man and a woman, she is smiling and she is holding a mobile, in the background there is a wall, on the right side of the image there is some text.', 110: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman. On the right side of the image there is some text.', 111: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there is a wall and a roof. We can also see some text.', 
  112: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman hugging each other. In the background there is a wall, curtain, lamp and some other objects. On the right side of the image there is some text.', 113: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman hugging each other. In the background there is a wall. At the top and bottom of the image there is text.', 114: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there is a door and we can also see some text on the image.', 115: 'In this image we can see a woman and a man. In the background there is a wall. On the right side of the image there is text.', 116: 'In this image we can see a man. In the background there are lights. Also there is a watermark on the image.', 
  117: 'In this image we can see a man. In the background there are lights. Also there is something written on the image.', 118: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there are lights, flower vase and a wall.', 119: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there are lights, flower vase and a wall.', 120: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there are lights, flower vase and a wall.', 121: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there is a wall with lights.', 
  122: 'In this image we can see a man and a woman standing. In the background there is a wall with lights. On the right side there are flower vases and some other objects on the table.', 123: 'In this image I can see a cake which is blue and white in color on the plate which is black in color. I can also see few glasses on the white colored surface and the background is blurred.', 
  124: 'In this image we can see a cake placed on the table. We can also see some glasses and the background is blurred.', 125: 'In this image I can see a cake which is blue and white in color on the plate which is black in color. I can also see few glasses on the white colored surface and the background is blurred.', 126: 'In this picture we can see a woman smiling and in the background it is blurry.', 127: 'In this picture we can see a woman smiling and in the background it is blurry.', 128: 'In this picture we can see a woman smiling and in the background it is blurry.', 129: 'In this picture we can see a woman smiling and in the background it is blurry.', 130: 'In this picture we can see a woman smiling and in the background it is blurry.', 131: 'In this image we can see two persons standing on the floor. We can also see some candles, a flower vase, a table lamp, a photo frame on a wall, a ceiling fan and some lights to a roof.', 132: 'In this image we can see two persons standing on the floor. We can also see a table with a flower vase, candles and some other objects placed on it. On the backside we can a wall with a photo frame, a table lamp and some ceiling lights to a roof.', 
  133: 'In this image we can see a white color object. In the background of the image there is white background. There is some text on the image.', 134: 'In this image we can see a mobile.', 135: 'In this image we can see a mobile.', 136: 'This is a black and white image. In this image we can see a roof.', 137: 'In this image we can see a mobile.', 138: 'In this image we can see a mobile.', 139: 'In this image we can see a screen with some text on it.', 140: 'In this image we can see a mobile phone and there is some text written on it.', 141: 'In this image we can see two mobiles and some text on the image.', 
  142: 'In this image we can see two mobiles and some text on the image.', 
  143: 'In this image we can see two mobiles and some text on the image.', 144: 'In this image we can see a black color object. The background of the image is in black color.', 145: 'In this picture we can see a light in the middle, it is dark in the background.', 146: 'In this image I can see the black color background and I can also see something is written in white color.', 147: 'In this image I can see the green color background and I can also see something is written on it.', 148: 'In this image we can see a green color poster with some text on it.', 149: 'In this image we can see a green color poster with some text on it.', 
  150: 'In this image we can see a green color poster with some text on it.'}